Docs: Move content from advanced to getting started. (#13170)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/installation/getting-started/predefined-builds.md

<script src="[ckeditor-build-path]/ckeditor.js"></script>
```

Once the CKEditor script is loaded, you can {@link installation/getting-started/editor-lifecycle use the API} to create editors in your page.

<info-box>

> 	The `build/ckeditor.js` file is generated in the [UMD format](https://github.com/umdjs/umd) so you can also import it into your application if you use CommonJS modules (like in Node.js) or AMD modules (like in Require.js). Read more in the {@link installation/getting-started/predefined-builds#umd-support Basic API guide}.

Reviewer: We refer to the Basic API guide that doesn't exist anymore. We should rephrase that.

```suggestion
	The `build/ckeditor.js` file is generated in the [UMD format](https://github.com/umdjs/umd) so you can also import it into your application if you use CommonJS modules (like in Node.js) or AMD modules (like in Require.js). Read more in the {@link installation/getting-started/predefined-builds#umd-support UMD support section guide}.
```
